
This collection includes 10 small levels of 10 packages each. It is
intended for the expert who has a few (many) hours in front of them.
  

Goal is to solve the levels with maximum 100,000 moves.
  

12 Blocks collection by xbluejimx
  

Three puzzles of 23x11
  

696 collection by Dries de Clercq
  

25 fairly easy levels.
  

This small collection starts with easy puzles (first eleven) continues
with more challenging ones in the second half with those try to avoid
  

AC Easy collection by Andrej Cerjak
  

This collection is as its name suggests the selection of my best
sokoban puzzles. The puzzles have been created during a long period of
time, some of them more than 15 years ago. Many puzzles almost got
lost (some others did), after creating them I forgot about them and
rediscovered some of them much later only by chance. in order not to
get lost something I enjoyed doing from time to time many years, I
finally decided to make this effort of making final arrangements and
publish them. So here they are, I hope You enjoy solving them :-)
Puzzles are arranged from easier to more challenging, with some
exception - obviously the last one, which is probabli not the most
difficult one, but it certainly requires the largest number of moves
(approx. 15k moves of which 5k pushes) Very easy can be considered
also puzzles 13 & 14 (Butterflies 1&2), while Butterfly 3 requires a
little bit more solving effort. For solving the puzzles at the end of
the collection see also my
  

A small collection in the shape of Smileys, arranged from very easy to
not so easy, the harder ones probably requre a little imagination to
see the Smileys, on the other hand, those are more interesting to
solve ;-)
  

Another collection in the border shape of a smiley
  

Another collection in the metrics of smileys.
  

This collection is from Brian Kent's Sokoban 2K
  

These levels were created by Péter Asztalos, Budapest, Hungary
  

15 levels dedicated to my sweet granddaughter Alakina.
  

Alberto Garcia - Alberto
  

Enjoy these beutiful levels created in several categories, Easy,
Middle, Hard and Extra Hard (With many steps...) About me: I'm a boy
of 18 years-old. Comments Are Welcome: Feel free to contact me for
suggestions or anything regarding my levels using the e-mail provided
below. Thank You for playing.  Enjoy It....!!!!!!
  

Levels created by Alberto García. Enjoy these beutiful levels created
in several categories, Easy, Middle, Hard and Extra Hard (With many
steps...) About me: I'm a boy of 18 years-old. Comments Are Welcome:
Feel free to contact me for suggestions or anything regarding my
levels using the e-mail provided below. Thank You for playing.  Enjoy
It....!!!!!!
  

Enjoy these beutiful levels created in several categories, Easy,
Middle, Hard and Extra Hard (With many steps...) About me: I'm a boy
of 18 years-old. Comments Are Welcome: Feel free to contact me for
suggestions or anything regarding my levels using the e-mail provided
below. Thank You for playing.  Enjoy It....!!!!!!
  

Enjoy these beutiful levels created in several categories, Easy,
Middle, Hard and Extra Hard (With many steps...) About me: I'm a boy
of 18 years-old. Comments Are Welcome: Feel free to contact me for
suggestions or anything regarding my levels using the e-mail provided
below. Thank You for playing.  Enjoy It....!!!!!!
  

Level collection by Alberto Garcia
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Werner Ettinger (merging of
initial collections, renaming all level names, making new alphabetical
level order, removing duplicates).
  

The multipack contains collections by Alberto Garcia: boxes, Bonus,
SokoBoxes, The best 4U, Sokomania, Fantasy; with removed duplicates,
which were already on the site. The levels in this set were collected,
documented and published by Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor:
Mark (merging of initial collections, renaming the new collection,
removing duplicates).
  

Handmade levels. Feel free to comment.
  

Family initials which are hard and harder
  

Remodels of maps made by my grandson Alejandro. Enjoy
  

Copyright: (c) by zhenying, and the authors of each puzzle
Date: March 2013

Collection of the remodels of "zhenying", collected by Jordi
Doménech.

This collection was downloaded from: "Sokoban. The beautiful world of
remodels" http://sokoban-jd.blogspot.com/

These levels are copyright (c) by zhenying and the authors of each
puzzle and may be freely distributed for non-commercial use provided
they remain unchanged, credited with the author's name, and provided
the author is notified.

  

26 very simple levels using the alphabet as a guide.
  

The first sokoban-orimaze level was created by Dries de Clercq.
  

30 small levels.
  

30 smallish levels, arranged in rough order of difficulty. All have
some sort of pattern to them.
  

Another installment of my Anomaly series. This one contains 50 levels
of between 4-6 boxes. I tried to arrange each puzzle so that the goals
and boxes had some form of symmetry, while also maintaining
difficulty. This set is much harder than the previous ones in the
anomaly series. Enjoy!
  

Armada collection by Milutin Negovanovic
  

The last one of Aruba series 100 levels.
  

Aruba2 collection.
  

Serie no.3 Between all those very difficult ones I start with easy to
diffcult. Thanks for giving Aruba a way to express himself.
  

Serie no.4.
  

Serie no 5.
  

Aruba series no.6
  

Lucky set no.7
  

Series no.8
  

Series no. 9 I'm getting a lot of good reactions on my series.
  

My first set from Aruba. Easy kids stuff. Lowest moves or pushes makes
it still interesting.
  

For the holidays a new series no.1 Merry Xmas and a Happy New Year...
  

Second level of my atlas series.
  

After a fine 3 weeks vacation in Holland I hereby present you my new
atlas03 series. I hope you enjoy these levels as much as I do when
developing them and tell me if you did like them.
  

Here we go again atlas no.4 Enjoy and tell me how U like it...
  

With love from Aruba!!!
  

My christmas present 2006. Enjoy.
  

100 new levels for 2007. Enjoy.
  

The Atlas08 collection.
  

The Atlas09 collection.
  

Atlas 10 is the last one of the atlas series. Enjoy and give me your
comments on these levels.
  

30 levels that I made by hand, including a variety of 30 different
levels.
  

These levels are getting harder for me to solve. In fact, I was unable
to solve most of the levels after Level 10, however, I did use a
solver to make sure that they were solvable.  This level collection is
the 2nd part of my Attrition level set.  Hope you enjoy them!  Please
leave me comments at my email address.  Thanks!
  

My third set of hand-made levels. These levels include some of my best
hand-made levels to date, and are designed with the design and
difficulty of each puzzle in mind.
  

Attrition 4 collection by Razorflame
  

This set is computer generated. Visit Yoshio Murase's website and read
more about this.
  

Avala collection by Milutin Negovanovic
  

Classic-type levels.That means that goals are not randomly placed all
over the screen, unlike most of the other creators do.Everyone who
played classic 50 levels know what I mean by that.It contains only 3
levels because I want to know what do you think about them and should
I create more.Please tell me what do you think.Thanks
  

Bagatelle is a French word for a trinket, from the Italian for a
conjuror's trick. The collection contains fairly simple puzzles (of
less difficulty than my previous collection maelstrom) of various
sizes. Some of the small puzzles are easier versions of puzzles in my
other collections. Others are my take on some classical Sokoban themes
(goals in a line, in a cross shape, objects outside goal room for
tricky start and finish). The problems posed by each puzzle are of a
fairly straightforward kind, but are nevertheless quite varied. The
puzzles are in roughly ascending order of difficulty.
  

Unfinished collection.
  

Banja Koviljaca by Zivojin Trifunovic
  

A set of 14 levels so far that explore the limits of 12x12 square. The
levels are not hard at all. However I am staying open to any
suggestions and/or improvements that might help make the level more
interesting and/or difficult!! 
  

Beijing Olympics
  

This compilation includes the tiniest, easy, thin levels, and
entertaining of resolving. Enjoy them!

Ed: Removed many duplicates.
  

Big Ben levels
  

Birthday collection by Alberto Garcia
  

Hope you will enjoy playing my levels.
  

My 2nd level set :)
  

Blocks collection by Dries de Clercq
  

Levels from the Game Boy. 
  

Levels from the Game Boy. 
  

My tribute to level 233 of Premysil Zika. Here 10 variations. Enjoy!
  

Level collection by Bruno Druille
  

Bugs collection by Buddy Casamis from Philippines
  

Hello to all Sokoban Lovers.I'm an avid player of this mind games.to
date I have more than 8,000 levels all with solutions.It's like a
medicine whenever I solve some levels with much difficulty.It took me
sometimes, days before I solve it.If your interested in obtaining
solutions to some levels you can e-mail me together with a copy of the
levels you want to be solve.I would recommend to use the ysokoban
program because it is much easier to use and besides less tiring for
your hands because all you need to use is your mouse keys just click
the box and the destination and presto! it will go there to the
shortest possible route.besides you will be able to save your
solutions and go back to it in case you are wondering how you will be
able to solve it.I have gone also to some sokoban solutions site but
the one that I'm most interested to solve are not in their database.I
even downloaded some sokoban solver program but to my dismay some
failed to solve them even those that are easiest.So I make it a
challenge that those level which these solver were'nt able to solve.I
try to solve it myself.I get the feeling that If I solve some levels
which the computer failed to solve.I feel like superior to the
computer.So now here's your chance to solve that nagging levels which
even in your sleep still lingering in your mind.You can contact me at
this number 00639054446676  .I will give you my full support 24 hours
a day.I even convert levels from other sokoban games into txt or xsb
format.Pls specify which format you like to send to you.thank you.
  

Bugs collections Enjoy and greetings from Philippines.
  

Bugs collection 2 by Buddy Casamis from Philippines
  

Bugs collection 3 by Buddy Casamis from Philippines
  

Hello to all Sokoban Lovers.I'm an avid player of this mind games.to
date I have more than 8,000 levels all with solutions.It's like a
medicine whenever I solve some levels with much difficulty.It took me
sometimes, days before I solve it.If your interested in obtaining
solutions to some levels you can e-mail me together with a copy of the
levels you want to be solve.I would recommend to use the ysokoban
program because it is much easier to use and besides less tiring for
your hands because all you need to use is your mouse keys just click
the box and the destination and presto! it will go there to the
shortest possible route.besides you will be able to save your
solutions and go back to it in case you are wondering how you will be
able to solve it.I have gone also to some sokoban solutions site but
the one that I'm most interested to solve are not in their database.I
even downloaded some sokoban solver program but to my dismay some
failed to solve them even those that are easiest.So I make it a
challenge that those level which these solver were'nt able to solve.I
try to solve it myself.I get the feeling that If I solve some levels
which the computer failed to solve.I feel like superior to the
computer.So now here's your chance to solve that nagging levels which
even in your sleep still lingering in your mind.You can contact me at
this number 00639054446676  .I will give you my full support 24 hours
a day.I even convert levels from other sokoban games into txt or xsb
format.Pls specify which format you like to send to you.thank you.


  

Hello to all Sokoban Lovers.I'm an avid player of this mind games.to
date I have more than 8,000 levels all with solutions.It's like a
medicine whenever I solve some levels with much difficulty.It took me
sometimes, days before I solve it.If your interested in obtaining
solutions to some levels you can e-mail me together with a copy of the
levels you want to be solve.I would recommend to use the ysokoban
program because it is much easier to use and besides less tiring for
your hands because all you need to use is your mouse keys just click
the box and the destination and presto! it will go there to the
shortest possible route.besides you will be able to save your
solutions and go back to it in case you are wondering how you will be
able to solve it.I have gone also to some sokoban solutions site but
the one that I'm most interested to solve are not in their database.I
even downloaded some sokoban solver program but to my dismay some
failed to solve them even those that are easiest.So I make it a
challenge that those level which these solver were'nt able to solve.I
try to solve it myself.I get the feeling that If I solve some levels
which the computer failed to solve.I feel like superior to the
computer.So now here's your chance to solve that nagging levels which
even in your sleep still lingering in your mind.You can contact me at
this number 00639054446676 .I will give you my full support 24 hours a
day.I even convert levels from other sokoban games into txt or xsb
format.Pls specify which format you like to send to you.thank you.

  

bugs collections Enjoy and greetings from Philippines.
  

Hello to all Sokoban Lovers.I'm an avid player of this mind games.to
date I have more than 8,000 levels all with solutions.It's like a
medicine whenever I solve some levels with much difficulty.It took me
sometimes, days before I solve it.If your interested in obtaining
solutions to some levels you can e-mail me together with a copy of the
levels you want to be solve.I would recommend to use the ysokoban
program because it is much easier to use and besides less tiring for
your hands because all you need to use is your mouse keys just click
the box and the destination and presto! it will go there to the
shortest possible route.besides you will be able to save your
solutions and go back to it in case you are wondering how you will be
able to solve it.I have gone also to some sokoban solutions site but
the one that I'm most interested to solve are not in their database.I
even downloaded some sokoban solver program but to my dismay some
failed to solve them even those that are easiest.So I make it a
challenge that those level which these solver were'nt able to solve.I
try to solve it myself.I get the feeling that If I solve some levels
which the computer failed to solve.I feel like superior to the
computer.So now here's your chance to solve that nagging levels which
even in your sleep still lingering in your mind.You can contact me at
this number 00639054446676  .I will give you my full support 24 hours
a day.I even convert levels from other sokoban games into txt or xsb
format.Pls specify which format you like to send to you.thank you.
  

Handmade levels. This is a pretty hard level set.
  

Author's note: The puzzles are all small (between 6 and 9 goals and
pretty cramped), with maze and walls designed by me and
computer-generated start positions. Because of the computer
involvement, the start positions of the puzzles may look abstract or
random. The meat of the puzzles is in the variations, the unexpected
twists, and the underlying problems. The human element of design is
most evident in the solved position, by construction, and I like to
think of the solving process as producing order from chaos. This
collection is meant for experienced solvers, or at least determined
ones, as it contains probably my toughest puzzles so far. As usual I
have tried to put the puzzles in rough ascending order of difficulty,
but here this is even more approximate than usual as I find the
puzzles difficult to compare. The puzzles have been extensively
play-tested. On a good day I can actually solve them...
  

Unfinished collection.
  

60 levels by MVP Software
  

Cer collection by Zivojin Trifunovic
  

This is remodeled version of Evgeny Grigoriev's "Grigr Challenge"
collection.
  

A set of handmade levels fashioned in my own design, based off of some
of the levels found in the pack, Infinity.
  

This collection name derives from 'choripan', an spanish word that
means 'sandwich of sausage'. This collection includes two subsets
called 'chorimalism' (7) and 'susi' (10). The 'chorimalism' subset
(that is, minimal levels for Choriban collection) is composed by
levels of 2 boxes, and the subcollection called 'susi' is formed by
levels of small dimensions, experimenting with different number of
boxes, from 2 to 7. The rest of the levels have a small size, normally
with 3 boxes. Finally, the last two levels are based in David W.
Skinner's 'Microban 60', that I have called 'stack-machines'.
  

The 2nd collection of 50 puzzles taken from my creations in the
members section of letslogic.com - roughly in order of publish date.
  

The 3rd collection of 50 puzzles taken from my creations in the
members section of letslogic.com - roughly in order of publish date.
  

The 4th collection of 50 puzzles taken from my creations in the
members section of letslogic.com - roughly in order of publish date.
  

A collection of 50 puzzles taken from my creations in the members
section of letslogic.com - roughly in order of publish date.
  

The 5th collection of 50 puzzles taken from my creations in the
members section of letslogic.com - roughly in order of publish date.
  

A collection of 50 puzzles taken from my creations in the members
section of letslogic.com - roughly in order of publish date.
  

A collection of 50 puzzles taken from my creations in the members
section of letslogic.com - roughly in order of publish date.
  

Chrysalis Collection 8 by David Buchweitz
  

Chrysalis Collection 9 by David Buchweitz
  

Chrysalis variations; Authors: David Buchweitz and Jordi Domenech
Email: jd_sokoban@abelmartin.com Website: - David Buchweitz:
http://www.letslogic.com - Jordi Domenech:
http://www.abelmartin.com/rj/sokoban.html Date: July 2012 Author's
note: David Buchweitz has a great ability to create very imaginative
structures. As the structure is the most important thing a puzzle, it
is sometimes possible to obtain very good and amazing puzzles. These
"variations" are modifications of some of his puzzles. For years,
David Buchweitz keeps animated his website "Let's Logic"
(www.letslogic.com), in which he posted his puzzles in the "Member
Puzzles" section. - J.D.  These levels are copyright (c) by David
Buchweitz and Jordi Domenech and may be freely distributed for
non-commercial use provided they remain unchanged, credited with the
author's name, and provided the author is notified.
  

Chrysalis variations 2
Authors: David Buchweitz and Jordi Domenech
Email: jd_sokoban@abelmartin.com
Website:
- David Buchweitz:
http://www.letslogic.com
- Jordi Domenech:
http://www.abelmartin.com/rj/sokoban.html
Date: August 2013
Author's note:
David Buchweitz has a great ability to create very imaginative
structures.
As the structure is the most important thing a puzzle, it is sometimes
possible to obtain very good and amazing puzzles. These "variations"
are
modifications of some of his puzzles.
For years, David Buchweitz keeps animated his website "Let's Logic"
(www.letslogic.com), in which he posted his puzzles in the "Member
Puzzles"
section. - J.D.
These levels are copyright (c) by David Buchweitz and Jordi Domenech
and may
be freely distributed for non-commercial use provided they remain
unchanged,
credited with the author's name, and provided the author is notified.

  

Chuchubi is a beautiful singing bird from Aruba. This new series in
honor of this singing bird. Enjoy
  

More chuchubi's. Singing birds from Aruba
  

100 new chuchubi levels to enjoy.
  

Enjoy new 100 levels in chuchubi04 set.
  

100 new levels for the Xmas and New Year season. Enjoy!!!
  

50 new levels. Enjoy!
  

50 new chuchubi levels from Aruba. Enjoy
  

50 new to enjoy
  

New levels for New Year 2010. Enjoy!
  

New 50 chuchubi's from Aruba.
  

Dedicated to Jordi Domenech & remodelers from China, Japan, Europe.
  

Chuchubi 12 last set for this year. Enjoy.
  

50 new levels for your enjoyment.
  

50 new chuchubi's
  

Last chuchubi level. Happy 2012.
  

Churros-Like Generated Levels
designed by Marti Homs (homz70@gmail.com)
  

These puzzles are small hand-made puzzles that are made with the
design and difficulty in mind.

  

These puzzles are small hand-made puzzles that are made with the
design and difficulty in mind.
  

Unique serie in rememberance of my very first homebuilt COSMAC Elf
computer.
  

Final level of the Cosmac series.
  

Here are 100 levels Cosmac2 series, Enjoy.
  

Cosmac3: 50 levels.
  

Cosmac4: 100 levels.
  

Cosmac5: 75 levels.
  

New levels from Aruba. Enjoy!!!
  

40 new levels from Aruba. Enjoy
  

New levels
  

Cosmac no.9 50 levels
  

Cosmonotes by Aymeric du Peloux
  

Aymeric du Peloux
  

C-Soko level collection (Collection license: WTFPL
[http://www.wtfpl.net/txt/copying/])
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Werner Ettinger (merging of
initial collections, renaming all level names, making new alphabetical
level order, removing duplicates).
  

DD-1 collection by David Dahlem
  

DD-2 collection by David Dahlem
  

Author's note: I have experimented with computer-generation for
several of the smaller puzzles hence the "co-authorship" with sokgen
(a computer program of mine). If you like the puzzles email me and if
you have stylistic criticisms direct them to sokgen :-)
  

Author's note: There are no computer-generated levels as I am trying
to evolve a puzzle-making style, and so experimenting with as many
different forms as possible. Some of the puzzles are very, or
slightly, symmetrical as a stylistic device (in this I am influenced
by David W. Skinner's excellent Sasquatch puzzle sets at his Sokoban
page). Others are completely unsymmetrical and the style is in the
variations alone.
  

This is my latest collection. I haven't made puzzles for many years
and forgot how many collections I had published! There is as yet no
dh3 or dh4, until my next collection comes out. The levels are
hand-made with solutions originally found by hand. They have varying
difficulty and are in no particular order
  

This is a series of simple sokoban puzzles for (my) kids.
  

Crazy Monk is Copyright (c) 2008 by Jean-Pierre MARTEL and Matthias
MEGER. These levels may be freely distributed provided they remain
credited with this copyright and all commentaries.

The Disciple levels range from easy to moderately difficult. They have
been designed for Sokoban players who enjoy "optimizing" solutions.
Some levels present an arranged version designed by Matthias Meger
(codified changes). Those remodels are more difficult than the initial
mazes.

Send comments and best solutions to: sokomonk@laposte.net
  

Drina collection by Zivojin Trifunovic
  

Dunav collection by Zivojin Trifunovic
  

This is our first collection of Sokoban levels. The theme Demons &
Diamonds is inspired from the vintage Atari game of the same name. Of
cause, it's only the pattern of goals and boxes that reminds of the
game. The levels are of varying difficulty, but not too hard all in
all. Have fun playing! D&R.
  

This is our second collection of Sokoban Levels. Have fun playing,
D&R.
  

Dushi=sweet. Enjoy new series from Aruba.
  

52 new sweets for your enjoyment
  

Finally also here.
  

New 50 dushi levels from Aruba.
  

Dushi 05 unique levels Enjoy!
  

Collection Dushi 06 by Eric F. Tchong
  

More dushi levels no.7
  

Dushi 08 new levels from Aruba
  

Enjoy dushi map for 2014.
  

new dushi levels.
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Werner Ettinger (merging of
initial collections, renaming all level names, making new alphabetical
level order, removing duplicates).
  

I know, to solve this is very easy. But the target was for me, to
create this to make a little memory of my beloved girlfriend, who died
in the saddest day of my life, 2013 may 14th. Dear ERIKA ! I WILL LOVE
YOU ALWAYS !!!
  

These levels are copyright Erim Sever
  

15 "start with end position" levels. Note: "Houdini V" is based on
"PicoKosmos 17" by Aymeric du Peloux
  

Novice levels realised by a novice player (Sylvie from France)
  

Mon premier level. Not so easy.
  

A wacky style of playing sokoban: by managing LURD solutions. You can
find the Golden Ratio (phi=1,618...) by dividing the number of moves
of a level by the moves of the previous level. The higher "n" can
reach, closer to "phi" the ratio comes. The same happens to pushes,
box lines, box changes, pushing sessions and player lines. See how
close to the 30-box level you can get solved!
  

Fiery Catalysts collection by Razorflame
  

This set contains five remodels from Dries de Clercq. The levels are
orimaze based. The third and fifth level will test the genius in you.
  

Enjoy
  

Simple Microban-style levels.
  

The Fontana collection by Zivojin Trifunovic
  

These levels are copyright Frantisek Pokorny
  

This is a collection of levels designed purely with templates. Some
maps are difficult, some sound simple, but they all are graceful,
compact and entertaining.
  

These Levels are not too hard. I`ll hope you like it. Have fun.
Greetings from Germany
  

Gate collection by Dries de Clercq
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Werner Ettinger (merging of
initial collections, renaming all level names, making new alphabetical
level order, removing duplicates).
  

Buddy Casamis Grigchallenge variations of Evgeny Grigoriev level
  

My name is Evgeniy Grigoriev. I live in Russia, in the city of
Cheboksary.
  

My name is Evgeniy Grigoriev. I live in Russia, in the city of
Cheboksary.
  


  

Grigr Challenge.
  

Small and beautiful levels.
  

Grigr Special.
  

Small and beautiful levels.
  

Small and beautiful levels
  

Gucevo collection by Zivojin Trifunovic
  

Date of Last Change: 2005-11-06 01:59:47  

  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Werner Ettinger (merging of
initial collections, renaming all level names, making new alphabetical
level order, removing duplicates).
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Mark (merging of initial
collections, renaming the new collection, removing duplicates).
  

Handmade levels.
  

Help collection by Milutin Negovanovic.
  

The following levels are best for ages 10+. Some (Levels 1,3 and 10)
are deviously difficult, but ARE possible.
  

Homz's Sokoban Level Collection 2007, designed by Marti Homs
(homz70@gmail.com). More than 200 levels, automatically generated in
different ways. Contains some easy handmade levels.
  

Howard 1 level set, created by Howard Abed.
  

In this set, there is just one box out of place on each level.
  

These levels all have 4 boxes to move and aren't very difficult.
  

This set contains edited versions of some of the standard levels.
Howard has deleted unnecessary space and added more boxes.
  

Easy Level From Brainsport, Sokoban Clone or was that Brainstorm, I
forgot the other levels if anyone remembers the orginals please email
me.
  

Initiation by Carlos Montiers
  

This is the first of many collections of levels that I solved by hand
and generated. They are all fairly easy. Enjoy!
  

My First Level Set, Second Edition
  

There are two different ways of playing Level 2. The first is the
normal way, moving any ball anywhere at any time. The second way,
which is more interesting and difficult, and the way it was designed
to be played, is treating it as eight levels in one. Each letter of
'SOKOBAN!' must be completed before the next is started, using only
the balls arranged below each letter in the shape of that letter.
These can be put into the letter goals in any order. While doing any
letter all the other balls must be considered locked, becoming walls.
After any letter is finished, the balls used for that letter become
locked and the ones in the following letter become unlocked. Your
target is 635 moves (or better!). Instead of doing Level 2 this way as
one big level, you can do it as eight separate levels using levels 3 -
10 to progress automatically. In these the locked balls are walls and
the goals for other letters are floor. This looks a bit peculiar, but
the playability is correct. Note that the start position for the man
for each letter is the end position for one way of doing the previous
letter. You might have done it a different way.... When you've
finished all eight letters, you've earned the right to do the one-push
"small reward" level, where all the balls are shown in their goals,
looking normal again. The last few levels are joke levels, mostly
needing just two clicks to solve. Hey, let the program do the work!
  

These levels are copyright Kobus Theron
  

Collection of 75 levels by Jean-Pierre Kent.
  

Kalle1 level collection.
  

The Kenyam Set A collection
  

All levels are made with Björn's Sokoban for Windows level editor. I
think that averagely they are near medium difficulty. Levels are guite
big so there is plenty of room to wander...
  

Collection by Kevin B Reilly
  

Collection 02 by Kevin B Reilly
  

Collection 03 by Kevin B Reilly
  

Collection 04 by Kevin B Reilly
  

Collection 05 by Kevin B Reilly
  

Collection 06 by Kevin B Reilly
  

Collection 07 by Kevin B Reilly
  

Collection 08 by Kevin B Reilly
  

Collection 09 by Kevin B Reilly
  

Collection 10 by Kevin B Reilly
  

Collection 11 by Kevin B Reilly
  

Kevin 12 collection by Kevin B Reilly
  

Kevin 13 collection by Kevin B Reilly
  

Kevin 14 collection by Kevin B Reilly
  

Kevin 15 collection by Kevin B Reilly
  

Kevin 16 collection by Kevin B Reilly
  

Kevin 17 collection by Kevin B Reilly
  

Kevin 18 collection by Kevin B Reilly
  

Kevin 19 collection by Kevin B Reilly
  

Kevin 20 collection by Kevin B Reilly
  

Kevin 21 collection by Kevin B Reilly
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Werner Ettinger (merging of
initial collections, renaming all level names, making new alphabetical
level order, removing duplicates).
  

Nothing special it's my first level.
  

I place in this collection, the levels which cannot be in the other
packages of levels.
  

Kurt Nittel 1 collection by Kurt Nittel
  

Kurt Nittel 2 collection by Kurt Nittel
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Werner Ettinger (merging of
initial collections, renaming all level names, making new alphabetical
level order, removing duplicates).
  

A dozen golondrina's fun play
  

38 levels from very easy to hard. I'm a 30 years-old boy from Spain.
Enjoy my levels!
  

This series of puzzles consists of puzzles that are words, names (both
first and last), and places, all designed with my own personal flair
and also designed with the difficulty of the puzzle in mind.
  

Lined ollection by Dries de Clercq
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Mark (extracting actual
levels by Li Jin You from a much bigger collection of levels by other
authors, removing the duplicates, removing usolvable levels, forming a
new collection composition in general, coauthor of some remodels).
  

Levels Of Multi Authors collected by Aymeric du Peloux.
  

A collection of levels that take a while to solve that were designed
with the design and difficulty of the levels in mind.

Please note that these levels WILL take you a while to solve!
  

The MacTommy inventions collection.
  

Author's note: The collection ranges from the pretty small (5 objects,
8x9 squares) through the mid-sized (13 objects, 15x11 squares) right
up to the large (one puzzle with 57 objects 23x24 squares). Just
browse for the kind of challenge you like. The puzzles are in rough
order of difficulty. I designed the maze layout and goals for all the
puzzles, and many but not all of the small puzzles use
computer-generated start positions. A few of the puzzles feature
unexpected twists within lengthy solutions and require substantial
imagination, and the others I hope are at least interesting. A
fully-featured Sokoban player (with drag and drop movement of objects,
mouse movement of the man, ability to keep your place if you quit and
return to the puzzle another time) is strongly recommended for the
medium to larger puzzles, though not strictly necessary.
  

Magic Pearls collection by Ward de Langhe
  

Many Boxes by Reinhard Hielscher
  

The first 68 rookie-levels have 2 boxes, the remaining ones bring 3
boxes, but without to increase too much its difficulty. Composed by
patterns.

Ed: Removed many duplicates.
  

All levels are presented in chronological order. The levels were
designed using Sokofun Pro's editor function.  Thanks to :  Mic
(Germany) 
  

Microban II (135 puzzles released April, 2002) Like Microban, this set
is for beginners and children. Most of the puzzles are small and
illustrate a particular concept. At the end of the set are four "mega"
puzzles which are fun to watch on programs which can handle oversize
levels and allow "automated extended pushes".
  

Sasquatch II (50 puzzles, released August, 1999)
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Initial supervisor: Werner Ettinger (merging of
initial collections, renaming all level names, making new alphabetical
level order, removing duplicates). Additional supervisor: Mark
(merging of reviewed collections into one big collection, renaming the
new collection, removing duplicates equal to conjunction remodel
sets).
  

Levels from Master Head - Polish Atari XL/XE game
  

This is my first set.Many of them have solution close to one lac
moves. But all are solvable either in one lac or less moves. Thanks.
  

Maximum 100000 moves allowed in each level
  

MF8 Sokoban Competition: The MF8 forum is a forum for all twisty
puzzles. (i.e. Rubik's Cube) In 2009, a sub-forum is created for
Sokoban enthusiasts. The 1st Sokoban competition took place on April
7, 2009.  There is a Sokoban competition about every month.  Everyone
is free to join.  Winners of the competition will get a twisty cube.  
See this page for more details: 
http://sokoutil.orgfree.com/competition.html Due to the simplicity of
the first three competition levels, they are omitted from this set.
Authors: (not in any particular order) stopheart, anian, Yang Chao,
gyjgw, York Shen, Kevin B. Reilly, Jean-Pierre Martel, Matthias Meger,
Jordi Doménech, Thinking Rabbit.
  

Microban (155 puzzles, revised April, 2000) This is a good set for
beginners and children. Most of the puzzles are small and illustrate a
particular concept. More experienced players should also find them
interesting, since they are as different from each other as I could
make them given their size. Sokoholics could perhaps time themselves
on completing the whole set. This set also contains puzzles which I
thought were interesting but too easy to include in my regular sets.
  

Arrangements of David W. Skinner's levels
They are published with David W. Skinner's permission
original level page: http://users.bentonrea.com/~sasquatch/sokoban/
  

Arrangements of David W. Skinner's levels
They are published with David W. Skinner's permission
original level page: http://users.bentonrea.com/~sasquatch/sokoban/
  

In addition to new Microban puzzles, this set incorporates those which
I had created for Aymeric Du Peloux's LOMA project. For more info see
Aymeric's LOMA page. One mega puzzle is at the end of the set.
  

Microban IV (102 puzzles, August 2010)
This set includes a series of alphabet puzzles.

  

26 puzzles, October 2010, this set is unfinished
  

The 17 first levels were published on Visual Sokoban in 1999. During
the year 2000, some web sites accepted to publish the 20 first levels.
Finally, I stopped at 40 levels. This set contains 5 levels "3boxes",
26 levels "4boxes", 6 levels "5boxes" and 3 levels "6boxes".
  

Mill by Dries de Clercq
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Mark (general supervisor and
author, coauthored by Anian, original Mill level by Dries de Clercq).
  

This set is inpired from the sets Microcosmos and Nabokosmos. I
created it for people who never played Sokoban before. This set
contains some twin levels which allow you to learn progressively this
game by adding a box. An expert should solve it in less than one hour.
This set contains 2 levels "1box", 16 levels "2boxes" and 22 levels
"3boxes".
  

:)
  

Mitija 1, collection by Milutin Negovanovic
  

Pour mes élèves en mathématiques.
  

Mitija 3 collection by Milutin Negovanovic
  

Mitija 4 collection by Milutin Negovanovic
  

Level collection by Ghislain Martin
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Mark (merging of initial
collections, renaming the new collection, removing duplicates).
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Werner Ettinger (merging of
initial collections, renaming all level names, making new alphabetical
level order, removing duplicates).
  

Monster Sokoban collection by Hirohiko Nakamiya
  

Hello to all Sokoban Lovers.I'm an avid player of this mind games.to
date I have more than 8,000 levels all with solutions.It's like a
medicine whenever I solve some levels with much difficulty.It took me
sometimes, days before I solve it.If your interested in obtaining
solutions to some levels you can e-mail me together with a copy of the
levels you want to be solve.I would recommend to use the ysokoban
program because it is much easier to use and besides less tiring for
your hands because all you need to use is your mouse keys just click
the box and the destination and presto! it will go there to the
shortest possible route.besides you will be able to save your
solutions and go back to it in case you are wondering how you will be
able to solve it.I have gone also to some sokoban solutions site but
the one that I'm most interested to solve are not in their database.I
even downloaded some sokoban solver program but to my dismay some
failed to solve them even those that are easiest.So I make it a
challenge that those level which these solver were'nt able to solve.I
try to solve it myself.I get the feeling that If I solve some levels
which the computer failed to solve.I feel like superior to the
computer.So now here's your chance to solve that nagging levels which
even in your sleep still lingering in your mind.You can contact me at
this number 00639054446676 .I will give you my full support 24 hours a
day.I even convert levels from other sokoban games into txt or xsb
format.Pls specify which format you like to send to you.thank you.
  

More Magic Pearls
  

Levels by Shaggath & Yasgen
  

Levels by Shaggath
  

Myriocosmos by Aymeric du Peloux
  

This set was published progressively on the site of Paul Voyer, Gerald
Holler and Frantisek Pokorny. I wanted this set more difficult than
Microcosmos, but still with small levels. And why Nabokosmos ? Read
backwards "Som(e)sokoban";-) This set contains 2 levels "3boxes", 8
levels "4boxes", 21 levels "5boxes", 7 levels "6boxes" and 2 levels
"7boxes".
  

Collection by Hirohiko Nakamiya
  

Joy collection by Hirohiko Nakamiya
  

Collection "Limit" by Hirohiko Nakamiya
  

Collection "Practise" by Hirohiko Nakamiya
  

New Year collection by Alberto Garcia
  

This collection of 50 levels is intended for beginners. The difficulty
of the levels is increasing. The collection ends with some medium
levels. I submitted these problems to my 10 and 14 year old nephews
who completed all in one day (which is not bad at all for complete
beginners). However, if you are an expert, solving the whole
collection in less than 45 minutes is quite a challenge.
  

This collection consists of 10 levels: one for each digit. The
difficulty of the levels varies. I think that you will be able to test
them profitably.
  

The 50 original levels from Sokoban plus the 40 from Extra.
  

original 51-90 remodeled by Eric F. Tchong - Enjoy
  

Orimaze-variations collection by Dries de Clercq
  

Orimaze collection by Dries de Clercq.
  

Orimaze 2 by Dries de Clercq
  

Pacov by Zivojin Trifunovic
  

Park collection by Zivojin Trifunovic

Side note. Level 2 was the exact copy of Infinity level 1180 or Aerie
level 10 (rotated 180 degrees and horizontally mirrored), and level 3
and 12 the remodels with practically the same solution as originals.
The actual author of these levels has resubmited the collection, with
these plagiat levels removed. Levels 13 to 17 are all remodels from
the collection Atroxija level 11. The author of the original, from
which these remodels were made, has labeled them as rem 1-5 or
remodels.

  

This small collection is a kind of supplement for my
  

A set of 10 levels with a common theme. Feel free to comment about
this and other level sets at: thoms545@yahoo.com
  

Paulje collection by Zivojin Trifunovic
  

Some remodels. Have fun!
  

Some remodels. Have fun!
  

Have fun!
  

Have more fun!
  

Have fun!
  

more fun
  

Findus - Payback 07
  

Have fun!
  

have fun!
  

Have fun.
  

Perfect collection by Thinking Rabbit
  

Just a joke...
  

18 handmade miniature levels. Note: "Little Red Rooster" is a
duplicate of an unpublished level by Dries De Clercq
  

This set is the logical continuation of the sets
Minicosmos-Microcosmos-Nabokosmos (It sounds like
Milli-Micro-Nano-Pico !). It's intented to the fanatics of Sokoban.
This set contains 3 levels "6boxes", 7 levels "7boxes" and 10 levels
"8boxes".
  

All the levels have been created by Marti Homs
Any possible matching of levels with those of
another collection is a coincidence.

  

Piramida by Zivojin Trifunovic
  

Podrinje collection by Zivojin Trifunovic
  

Alberto Garcia - Puzzle
  

This is a set of 50 levels of variable difficulty. Some of them aren't
the greatest, hence the name, "Quagmire". Level #43 is a (harder?)
remake of Patera level #8. Comments are always appreciated.
  

As with the first Quagmire set, there is a wide range of difficult,
although this set tends on the harder side. There are some recurring
themes throughout the levels, especially my recent infatuation with
nearly solved layouts.
  

100 levels of varying difficulty from easy-ish to pretty dang hard.
Several years in the making, with lots of breaks. My fascination with
patterns and symmetry continues, combined with a lot of nearly-solved
initial states. Hope you enjoy.
  

More levels by a crazed 14 year old. Made using the Rbox sokoban
solver.
  

Rdlom collection by Roger Delaporte
  

Rebus 1 collection by Milutin Negovanovic
Level 5 is a remodel from Labyrinth of Agony collection level 7. Level
11 is a remodel from Labyrinth of Agony collection level 10. Level 16
is a remodel from Labyrinth of Agony collection level 9. Labyrinth of
Agony is copyrighted by Marko Dzekic also known as MD or mark.
Additional edit, Level 11 correctly oriented.
  

Rectangled collection by Dries de Clercq
  

Red Star collection by Milutin Negovanovic.
  

Remodel set by many authors, Level 1 - Li Jin You and M Dzekic (MD),
Level 2 - Li Jin You and MD, Level 3 - Li Jin You and MD, Level 4 -
Francois Marques and Jgw and MD, Level 5 - Francois Marques and Jgw
and MD, Level 6 - Francois Marques and York Shen and Jgw and MD, Level
7 - Big Panda and MD, Level 8 - Big Panda and MD, Level 9 - Big Panda
and MD, Level 10 - Big Panda and MD, Level 11 - Big Panda and MD,
Level 12 - Big Panda and MD, Level 13 - Big Panda and MD, Level 14 -
Big Panda and MD, Level 15 - Zhenying and MD, Level 16 - Gyjgw and
Stopheart and MD, Level 17 - Unknown and MD, Level 18 - Unknown and
MD, Level 19 - Unknown and MD, Level 20 - Unknown and MD, Level 21 -
Unknown and MD, Level 22 - Sven Egevad and MD, Level 23 - David W
Skinner and York Shen and LZY and Gyjgw and MD, Level 24 - David W
Skinner and York Shen and MD, Level 25 - Jgw and MD, Level 26 - Jgw
and MD, Level 27 - Dries de Clercq and MD
  

Remodel Club by Evgeny Grigoriev
Email: grigr@yandex.ru 
Homepage: http://grigr.narod.ru/

  

Revenge collection by Thinking Rabbit
  

The 13th part of the RevengeCollection-series, which from now on is
named 'Revenge' only, again is handmade (except level #41 which was
generated with YASGen 1.42), tested and solvable. Level #2 and #3 are
remodeled versions of Level #44 and #41 from the MasterHead-levelset.
Level #26 is a remodeled version of a Sasquatch-Level by David W.
Skinner. Level #39 is a remodeled version of a level by Sven Egevad.
Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

Part 14 contains 55 handmade, tested and solvable puzzles. Enjoy, have
fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

Part 15 is a mixture of remodeled versions and handmade levels. Levels
#1 to #5 are remodeled versions from levels of the kevin19-levelset
created by Kevin B. Reilly.  Level #6 is a remodeled version of level
#67 from my own RevengeCollection02 which was also remodeled by Jordi
Doménech. Level #27 and #28 are two remodeled versions of a puzzle
originally created by Dries DeClerq. Level #31 to #33 are remodeled
versions from levels of the V2010-levelset created by Shaggath. All
levels have been tested and are solvable. Enjoy, have fun and keep
thinking like a sokoban.
  

Part 16 again is handmade, tested and solvable. Level#7 is a remodeled
version of Level#2 from the Blazz2-levelset, created by Blaz Nikolic.
Level #16 is a variation of Level#21 from the MicrobanIV-levelset,
created by David W. Skinner. Level #18 is a variation of Level#20 from
the Sven04-levelset, created by Sven Egevad. Level#31 and #32 are
variations of Level#1 from the MulhollandD-levelset, created by
Shaggath. Level#42 is a variation from the svb495-level from Serg
Belyaev. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

Part 17 is totally handmade (except #8 which was generated), tested
and solvable. Level #32 is a remodeled version of my own level #67
from 'Revenge Collection 02' which was also remodeled by Jordi
Domenech. #33 is another variation of the same level. #34 is a
remodeled version of MicrobanIII-#27, originally created by David W.
Skinner. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

Part 18 is handmade, tested and solvable. #5 is a variation of level
#58 from the 'Miniatures'-levelset, copyright by Jordi Domenech. #26
is a remodeled version of level SE1190 from the 'Sven12'-levelset,
copyright by Sven Egevad. This collection is copyright by Marcus Hof.
Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

Part 19 is handmade and solvable. Levels #1 to #4, #18 and #32 are
variations of level #176, #177, #206, #227, #239 and #297 from the
'Sven_YASGMind'-levelset, copyright by Sven Egevad. #34 is based on a
level by Dries DeClerq. #39 is a variation of level#17 from the
'GrigoSpecial'-levelset, created by GRIGoRusha. Enjoy, have fun and
keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

The 20th part is handmade, tested and solvable. This collection
contains just small levels, except #27 which is based on a
'Chuchubi'-level by Eric F. Tchong. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking
like a sokoban.
  

Part 21 is handmade. #29 and #30 are based on level #67 from the
'Atlas02'-levelset, created by Eric F. Tchong. #39 and #40 are
inspired by levels from Dries DeClerq. Enjoy, have fun and keep
thinking like a sokoban.
  

The 22nd part also is handmade, tested and solvable. Level #55 is a
remodeled version of 'Atlas08'-level #69, originally created by Eric
F. Tchong. Level #64 is a variation of 'Aruba08'-level #3, originally
created by Eric F. Tchong. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a
sokoban.
  

Part 23 is handmade. Levels #1 and #2 are based on level #3 from the
Soloban-levelset originally created by Francois Marques. Enjoy, have
fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

Part 24 is handmade, tested, solvable and easier than the parts 22 and
23. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

The 25th part also is handmade, tested and solvable. Enjoy, have fun
and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

The 26th part also is handmade, tested and solvable. Level #34 is
based on level #69 from the SokEvo-levelset created by Lee J. Haywood.
Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

The 27th part is handmade, tested and solvable. Level #8 is a
variation of #39 from the MagicSokoban-levelset by Jordi Domenech.
Level #9 is a remodeled version of my own #21 from
RevengeCollcetion08. Level #18 is based on the level 'Sokogravity1' by
Dries DeClerq.  Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

The 28th part contains 50 handmade levels. Level #8 is based on level
SE1190 by Sven Egevad. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a
sokoban.
  

The 29th part contains 50 handmade, tested and solvable levels. Enjoy,
have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

The 30th part contains 50 handmade levels. #18 is based on level #35
from the kevin4-levelset by Kevin B. Reilly. #36 is a variation of
level #64 from the kevin8-levelset by Kevin B. Reilly. Enjoy, have fun
and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

The 31st part contains 50 handmade levels. Enjoy, have fun and keep
thinking like a sokoban.
  

The 32nd part contains 50 handmade levels. Level 35 is a variation of
MicrobanV level 2 (from the unofficial release) orginally created by
David W. Skinner. Level 48 is a variation of level Kevin1405 created
by Kevin B. Reilly. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

Part 33 contains 50 handmade levels. Level 8 is a remodeled version of
level Kevin1312 created by Kevin B. Reilly. Level 31 is a remodeled
version of level 4 from the dh1-levelset by David Holland. Enjoy, have
fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

Part 34 contains 66 handmade levels. Level 4 is a variation of level
26 from the KenyamSetA created by Kenya Maruyama. Level 8 is a
variation of level 7 from the SasquatchX-levelset by David W. Skinner.
Level 41 is based on level 2 from the SasquatchII-levelset by David W.
Skinner. Level 64 is a variation of level 9 from the
SasquatchVI-levelset by David W. Skinner. Enjoy, have fun and keep
thinking like a sokoban.
  

Part 35 contains 50 handmade levels. Level 47 is a variation of level
32 from MicrobanIV created by David W. Skinner. Enjoy, have fun and
keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

Part 36 contains 130 handmade levels. Level 37 is a variation of
MicrobanII level 94, created by David W. Skinner. Level 124 is
dedicated to the great sci-fi-movies Starship Troopers and Starship
Troopers 3 : Marauder, created by Paul Verhoeven. Enjoy, have fun and
keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

140 new levels. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

56 new levels. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

50 new levels. It is the last 'RevengeXX'-collection. Thank you for
playing. I hope you had fun playing and solving the puzzles. Enjoy,
have fun and keep thinking as a sokoban.
  

A set of 90 small levels. The difficulty ranges from easy to 'a little
bit tricky'.
  

The second part of the Revenge-Collection is a mixture of easy and
medium levels. But how difficult they are for you ? That is what you
must decide for yourself. But don't worry if you get stuck - they are
all solvable and not that hard that it would take hours to find a
solution. Have fun and keep thinking like a Sokoban. ;-)
  

The third part of the Revenge-Collection is a mixture of small and not
too easy levels. These levels are more tricky than those in the first
and second part. They are all solvable. Enjoy, have fun and keep
thinking like a sokoban.
  

The fourth part of the Revenge-Collection. They are all solvable.
Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

The fifth part of the Revenge-Collection. This set is totally
handmade. They are all solvable. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking
like a sokoban/warehousekeeper. Greetings from good old Germany.
Comments from other authors are welcome.
  

The sixth part of the Revenge-Collection. They are all solvable.
Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

The seventh part of the Revenge-Collection. All levels are handmade
and solvable. Level #20 of this collection was inspired by the
'dh1'-level #7 from David Holland. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking
like a sokoban.
  

The eigth part of the Revenge-Collection. All levels are handmade and
solvable.  Level 45 and 46 were inspired by Microban-levels from David
W. Skinner. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

Part nine of the Revenge-Collection. Level #1 was inspired by a level
from Thomas Reinke and level #2 by a remodeled level from Aymeric du
Peloux and François Marques. All levels are handmade and solvable.
Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a sokoban.
  

The tenth part contains 126 small levels which first had been
generated with the YASGen-generator and then had been modified by
hand. For sure they are all solvable. Enjoy, have fun and keep
thinking like a sokoban.
  

The eleventh part of the Revenge-Collection again contains a series of
handmade levels, which are all solvable. Level #13 is a remodel from a
level by Kevin B. Reilly. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a
sokoban.
  

Part 12 of the Revenge Collection is totally handmade. All levels have
been tested and they are all solvable. Level #42 and #43 were inspired
by levels from Thomas Reinke. Enjoy, have fun and keep thinking like a
sokoban.
  

Sasquatch (50 puzzles, released January, 1999) This is my first set.
Scott Lindhurst describes them as generally of just the right
difficulty to be fun: not too easy, but (usually) not so hard that you
get frustrated.
  

Sasquatch III (50 puzzles, released June, 2000) This set ranges in
difficulty from medium to very hard. Thirtyone of these levels explore
some form of design symmetry. It is interesting (to me at least) to
solve levels in which sections are reversed or rotated. Each
transformation often suggests different approaches to the solution.
However, sometimes the confusion created requires that each section be
solved from scratch. Sometimes, I find levels in my earlier sets which
I would do differently today. Included here are improved versions of
two previous levels. Sasquatch III (41) = Mas Sasquatch (46) Sasquatch
III (48) = Sasquatch (49)
  

Sasquatch IV (50 puzzles, released March 2001) These range in
difficulty about like Sasquatch III. As always, I've tried to explore
a wide variety of puzzle types.
  

About one third of these are "normal" puzzles while the others are
"symetricals" with lots of squares, diamonds and other shapes.
Sasquatch IX #16 is an improved version of Sasquatch #15.
  

Sasquatch V (50 puzzles, released December, 2001) Again, a wide
variety. This set contains several puzzles which exceed the 31x18 size
limit of my previous sets.
  

Sasquatch VI (50 puzzles, released October, 2002) This set, is a
symmetrical feast. Forty of these levels involve some form of
symmetry. There is also a sequence of levels where I explore the
possibilities of working within squares of various sizes. This set
contains several puzzles which exceed the 31x18 size limit of my first
sets.
  

Sasquatch VII (50 puzzles, released June 2004) This set has a lot of
symmetry but not as much as Sasquatch VI. I tried to do more "normal"
puzzles this time. It also contains more expreiments with squares plus
other shapes such as diamonds and a circle. As usual several oversize
puzzles are at the end of the set.
  

50 puzzles, released March 2008. This set contains improved versions
of two previous levels. Sasquatch VIII #37 = Sasquatch #31 Sasquatch
VIII #38 = Mas Sasquatch #9
  

Sasquatch X (50 puzzles, released July 2010)
  

Sasquatch XI (50 puzzles, released September 2010)
  

Sasquatch XII collection by David W Skinner
  

This is my first level set in around a year. All of the levels are
easy, with only 3 boxes.
  

This is the second set in the series. All 20 levels have 4 boxes.
  

20 levels, all with 5 boxes. There is a variety of difficulty here,
but nothing too easy or hard. As always, comments are appreciated.
  

First of the Serena series.
  

Serena2 series.
  

Serena3 dedicated to the 26 most beautiful women in the world.
  

Serena4 Enjoy and greetings from Aruba.
  

Serena5 series
  

Serena6 series
  

Serena7 series
  

100 Levels for serena8. Enjoy these levels from Aruba...
  

The last one of the serena series.
  

Serg Belyaev collection 1
  

Serg Belyaev collection 2
  

Serg Belyaev collection 3
  

Serg Belyaev collection 4
  

Serg Belyaev collection 5
  

Serg Belyaev collection 6
  

Selected levels from Sven Egevads collection made harder.
  

Simple levels for children. 
  

Simplistic collection by yotyot
  

Collection by Lars Nilsson
  

The SokEvo collection of Sokoban puzzle designs were generated by a
program that used random numbers and a solving program to 'evolve'
them, primarily using the least number of moves required to solve a
design as its fitness value.
  

The SokHard collection of Sokoban puzzle designs were generated by a
program that used random numbers and Brian Damgaard's YASGen program
to rapidly 'evolve' them, using the least number of pushes required to
solve a design as its fitness value. Most of these designs feature a
single target/goal area.
  

Sokoban Junior 1 collection by Laura Wheeler
  

Sokoban Junior 2 collection by Laura Wheeler
  

A small collection of levels without pretetions created one day of
idleness whereas I missed inspiration.
  

Right through the alfabet. Because it is the danish alfabet, you will
get a few bonus levels.
Can be shared at your sokoban site, if you ask and show this text and
the above information.
Enjoy.
  

Sokobig 70 collection by Howard Abed
  

Sokobig 80 collection by Howard Abed
  

Sokobig Remodels collection by various authors
  

A small number of tight levels.
  

SokoCreation coolection by Howard Abed
  

Sokodeal
  

Jacques Duthen has created a new set of Sokoban puzzles called
"sokogen-990602". It contains 78 levels and is slightly more difficult
than the Dimitry & Yorick set
  

SokoLasse collection
  

"Life is like a box of chocolate, you never know what you get!" Mr.
Gump It is in this collection that I place my small levels, which are
not difficult enough to be in Sokompact and a little too difficult to
find their place in a collection for beginners.
  

I found this set of 125 levels while reminiscing. Most of the levels
suck, but some are good.
  

Sokompact (Soko Must Place All Cans one Targets;) This collection
contains only very small levels which were considered to be rather
difficult. Each level of this collection took more than ten minutes to
solve for a good player.
  

The other large format puzzles contain 25 levels including all 250
puzzles from the MS-DOS, Apple II, Commodore 64, Tandy Color Computer
and XSokoban variants. Due to restrictions in Sokoban for Windows,
this file contains only the 14 levels that differ from each other.
There are four puzzles that are not playable in each set. They are:
12, 13, 15 and 47. This is due to their designs requiring start
positions unreachable from anywhere outside their respective blocks.
These puzzles are shown in a overstated solution, including all boxes
(balls) and targets (goals) as boxes on targets. Differences between
variants is shown. The Commodore 64 variant of puzzle 42 is not
solvable. This error has existed since the game was released. This
puzzle is shown in overstated solution.
  

Last 13 levels are remodels of Grigr challange set
  

This collection is freeware. May 2009. Level 16 is a collaboration
with Zhenying. 10 added remodels by York Shen and Minglw.
  

SokoStation
Email: sokoban@wanadoo.fr 
Homepage: http://sokoban.fr/  
  

A single level originally distributed as sample with the freeware game
"SOKO-BAN" produced by ZX-SOFT Brazil for the ZX-Spectrum, currently
available at http://www.worldofspectrum.org/infoseekid.cgi?id=0017733 
This level can be freely distributed and/or used commercially provided
it remains unchanged and the author is properly credited.
  

This collection is currently composed of 8 levels. Each level contains
only one package (hence the name of the collection). I created this
collection of levels for the complete beginner who have never played
Sokoban. It makes it possible familiarize with the goal of the play,
its operation, moving of packages. After having finished this
collection (in a little less than 30 minutes), the beginner can attack
the collection of Novoban.
  

All Levels are unsolvable with the most important Sokoban-Solvers
  

This collection is included in the program "Sokoban", by Mack.
Website: http://soko-ban.narod.ru/f_main.htm.
Date of Last Change: 2014-01-08 19:23:50
  

A small collection of large, easy spirals.
  

Collection 01 by Spiros Mantzoukis
  

Collection 02 by Spiros Mantzoukis
  

Collection 03 by Spiros Mantzoukis
  

Collection 04 by Spiros Mantzoukis
  

Collection 05 by Spiros Mantzoukis
  

Collection 06 by Spiros Mantzoukis
  

Collection 07 by Spiros Mantzoukis
  

Better luck next time
  

Squared collection by Dries de Clercq
  

33 levels of varying size and difficulty
  

This collection is copyright J Franklin Mentzer. 
  

Alberto Garcia - Strategy
  

Coffee, Ham & Eggs, Sokoban...
  

Sven Egevads collection The levels are in chronological order. Levels
1-49 were made in 1992, in the old Sokoban, and 50- made 2000 and
later in Notepad. All tested in Sokomind. I have made a minor change
in level 525, because it was a mirrored copy of level 522. (I thanks
George Petrov for his observation.)
  

Levels by Sylvain Gravejat and Guillaume Gravejat
  

Symmetrixx collection by Seppolino
  

These levels are copyright Ken'ichiro Takahashi (takaken).
  

tammy rocks 29 to honor vipul
  

Second set in the Tbox series.  50 levels.
  

The third set in the Tbox series. Feel free to email me at
thoms545.com
  

A set of 25 levels all with the same wall pattern. Generated using
Rbox.
  

50 difficult levels. Generated using Rbox.
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Werner Ettinger (merging of
initial collections, renaming all level names, making new alphabetical
level order, removing duplicates).
  

I created the following four screens for the fun of it.
  

Note that there are as many o's in the title as there are trapdoors in
the level. Like most levels with "fixed topology" this too is above
all a matter of logical analysis. So if you are quick it will take you
about 10 minutes to solve. 10 minutes of breathless run, not of
thinking, though ;-)
  

The Twisty collection of Sokoban positions is copyright Martin P
Holland <m.holland@noether.freeserve.co.uk> These levels may be
distributed freely as long as this copyright message is retained.
  

Date Created: 01-01-09    Good luck :)
  

Date Created: 2009-12-26
  

Various collection by Dries de Clercq
  

The Warehouse Volume I - Vertical Mobility (50 puzzles, released
January, 2010) I would like to dedicate this level-set to  Aymeric du
Peloux for inspiration, to lotecsoftware.com who provided the Sokoban
player for my mobile phone, and to my family for supporting my
projects.
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Collection supervisor: Mark (removing banal levels,
removing levels with disturbing signs, renaming the new collection,
removing duplicates, guessing the author's name - the name Iroh is an
unofficial guess from one of the wall positions in a certain level,
the actual author is unknown or anonymous, mainly due to the
disturbing signs used).
  

A sound has always an extension, like ".WAV" or ".WMA" or ".MIDI".
Difficulty: From simple to mediate. Circles: Very easy.
  

YASGen by Brian Damgaard
  

A set of 50 levels generated by the program YASGen. All of them are
solvable this time.
  

The levels in this set were collected, documented and published by
Sokoplaza members. Initial supervisor: Werner Ettinger (general
supervisor, main composition of the initial giant collection of 2000
levels). Additional supervisor: Mark (further revision, removing
duplicates equal to conjunction remodel sets, mainly Sasquatch
remodels).
  

This Sokoban level set is published here with the author's permission.
The level set is distributed in a text format, that can be imported by
most of the major Sokoban programs. For Microsoft Windows we recommend
using Sokoban YASC, which can be downloaded from:
http://sourceforge.net/projects/sokobanyasc/ Enjoy!
  

Collection by Zeljko
  

Zelja 1 by Zeljko Negovanovic
  

Zig Zag Plus collection by Alberto Garcia
  

Zika by Zivojin Trifunovic
  

I keep adding new levels. Greetings.
  

A huge collection where all levels have a floor size of 26 squares.
Most of these levels are quite difficult!
  
